README.md, before:

<a href="https://ratrig.com/">
    <img src="https://ratrig.com/media/athlete2/default/RR_Logo_White.png" alt="RatRig logo" title="RatRig" height="74" />
</a>

# Printed Parts Repository

## Overview
This repository contains STL files pertaining to all existing, as well as obsolete, 3D-printed elements used in our products.

Each file is named with a unique SKU to distinguish its particular version. In the case where a fresh revision becomes necessary (such as rectifying a serious issue with the part, significant enhancement, or complete redesign), the previous version gets relocated into a folder labeled "deprecated", and a brand new SKU is allocated to the replacement.

In the case of a minor revision to a printed part that does not affect functionality (such as improving printability or tweaking non-critical tolerances), a new version is uploaded in place, maintaining the existing SKU. Every effort is made to describe these minor changes in the commit message when that part is updated.

## Repository Layout
- Generic parts which are shared across projects are stored either in 'Alignment Tools' or 'Miscellaneous'
- Unique parts for each project are stored in the project subfolder
- Deprecated parts are stored within a 'Deprecated' subfolder
```
├── Alignment-Tools/
│   ├── PP000001-align_2020_mgn12.stl
│   ├── PP000002-align_2020_mgn15.stl
│   └── ...
├── ...
├── V-Core-3.1/
├── V-Hive/
└── V-Minion/
    ├── Deprecated/
    │   └── PP000028-shroud.stl
    ├── PP000013-40mm_fan_cage.stl
    └── ...
```

## License

All files contained within this repository are licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International Public License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/). See LICENSE for the full details.

Commit message:

Update naming convention on all STLs
The naming convention for STL files has been updated to include the version number of the part, as well as the date it was released.

Designs receiving fixes, enhancements, or printability improvements, will now maintain the same SKU and increment the version.

In cases where a design undergoes a significant redesign, a new SKU will be assigned.

In all cases, previous versions will be relocated to the "Deprecated" subfolder.

README.md, after:

<a href="https://ratrig.com/">
    <img src="https://ratrig.com/media/athlete2/default/RR_Logo_White.png" alt="RatRig logo" title="RatRig" height="74" />
</a>

# Printed Parts Repository

## Overview
This repository contains STL files pertaining to all existing, as well as obsolete, 3D-printed elements used in our products.

Each design is named with a unique SKU to distinguish it, along with a version number and a date. In the case where a fresh revision becomes necessary (such as rectifying an issue with the part, significant enhancement, or improving the printability), a new part is released with an incremented version number.

In cases where the part undergoes a complete redesign, the old SKU is retired and a new SKU is assigned to the new design.

In all cases, any STL which has been replaced is relocated into a subfolder labeled "deprecated".

## Repository Layout
- Generic parts which are shared across projects are stored either in 'Alignment Tools' or 'Miscellaneous'
- Unique parts for each project are stored in the project subfolder
- Deprecated parts are stored within a 'Deprecated' subfolder
```
├── Alignment-Tools/
│   ├── PP000001-align_2020_mgn12_V01_20230627.stl
│   ├── PP000002-align_2020_mgn15_V01_20230627.stl
│   └── ...
├── ...
├── V-Core-3.1/
├── V-Hive/
└── V-Minion/
    ├── Deprecated/
    │   └── PP000028-shroud_V01_20230628.stl
    ├── PP000013-40mm_fan_cage_V01_20230628.stl
    └── ...
```

## License
All files contained within this repository are licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International Public License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/). See LICENSE for the full details.
